[#191] Update chromedriver version also for geordi rspec (#192)
makandra/geordi: CHANGELOG.md

### Compatible changes
* `commit` command: The pivotal tracker story is linked in the description of the commit

> * `rspec` command: When running specs the chromedriver is updated to the current version if necessary

Reviewer: Please specify "necessary": 
```suggestion
* `rspec` command: chromedriver is updated automatically, if auto-update is configured and the app uses selenium-webdriver
```
